drum Street triple speed triple Kawasaki
z800 z1000 the cardis monster 795 we
have a beautiful range of naked
motorcycles on sale in India today but
bike that's promising to be the big
daddy of them all has only just arrived
it's BMWs s thousand are just by the
quirky design you'll know that this is a
BMW and just like the a thousand RR the
design is half of one bike and half of
another stitched down the middle
and even though it is different it is
familiar as well and as you would expect
from this German brand the quality of
parts the finish and even the grain of
the metal is just staggeringly good
everything is as expected from BMW looks
quirky but cool well finished motorcycle
and when it comes to the engine
BMW set the benchmark with the s
thousand RR and this might be a detuned
version of that motor but when it hits
the road this motor is absolutely paci
the inline four-cylinder 999 cc engine
has a new camshaft a retuned exhaust and
pre-programmed reactions
now on the s thousand RR the 30
horsepower used to make the top end of
the rev range completely open this down
here on the Roadster what you get
instead is torque and lots of it you can
sense the surge of acceleration from as
low as two and a half thousand rpm and
it still keeps on pulling all the way to
12,000 rpm eleven point four kilograms
of torque is the front wheel floating
every time you whack over the trophy
thankfully there's a lot of cutting-edge
electronics to help you use all that
power and torque the quick shifter has
the s thousand are accelerated without
any letter the for engine and traction
modes will increase or decrease the par
to suit your requirements and sharpen or
soften the throttle response the modes
also adjust that aggressiveness with
which the traction control cuts it but
no matter which mode you choose the
engine feels smooth and well-mannered
chassis has also been tweaked for roads
of duties for instance it's it's slower
it's got a longer wheelbase for more
stability and the steering geometry has
been eased up as well of course you have
the wider single piece handlebars but
the deck fest continues here as well for
instance on this top-end dynamic package
you get dynamic damping control which is
electronic suspension adjustment and I
think I can show you what it does here I
am shifting it to soft mode I put my
weight on it and it compresses now I'm
going to move to the third mode which is
the firmest which is hard and now check
it out it barely gives so I guess it
works here let's see what it feels like
on the road on the bike it is clear that
even though the seating position is more
upright it is still pretty sporty
however the seat is well padded and
comfortable but the high-tech suspension
despite all its visit pre didn't feel
all that impressive in the hard mode the
bike felt to are and the other two modes
didn't seem to offer the ideal balance
comfort and control Pfizer nonetheless
the s thousand are gets its hooks into
you immediately and that's because of
the way it handles this 207 kilogram
motorcycle feels incredibly fluid when
changing directions and the longer
wheelbase gives it more stability - and
the super sticky Pirelli coarser Abba is
absolutely confidence-inspiring you also
have the raised abs on the S thousand
are with this the front brake lever lays
the front and back brake dishing out
quick and short footed stops
and I surely did not want to stop but to
take the a thousand our home I would
have to sign a check over did not meet
Motors BMW Motorrad scheme borders in
Mumbai to the tune of about 25 lakh
rupees so that got me thinking so the
question really is is the s thousand our
worth its massive 22.8 lat would be ex
showroom Mumbai price tag there isn't an
easy answer but there is a short one yes
it is if you can afford to spend this
kind of money what you're getting is
clearly a world-class cutting-edge
package you've got traction control the
various modes on offer you have dynamic
damping so adjustable electronic
suspension and then on top of that the
core of it is a motor that's hugely
exciting yes some horse five gone
missing at the top end and nonetheless
easy to ride and still very very quick
and a chassis that's a giant comfortable
and just up for fun when you are in the
mood for it so all-in-all this might be
a motorcycle that's too expensive for
most people but for those that can
afford it this is easily on the best
roadsters available in the country today
you